	The second chapter of the book explores the logics behind
morse code and how it can be translated. Morse code is binary, meaning two by two. Which makes sense considering the fact that morse code
is consistent of only two things: dots and dashes. Each letter in the
alphabet has its
own unique pattern of dots and dashes. As a language using
only dots and dashes and darkness and light, which was foreign to humans before
its creation, a dictionary and table had to be created for its
translation.
	One thing this chapter speaks on is not only the creation of
the language, but the creation of the table that translates
it. This reminds me of code- not only were coding languages created,
but there had to be a way to translate it so users can learn and use
the coding language. Morse code is very much more simple than any
coding language-only using dots and dashes- but the idea behind
creating  not only the language but its translation is very much
similar.
	With morse code, every letter has its own unique pattern of
dots and dashes. The book says how the best way to learn the dots
and dashes and read them as letters is to learn the table dictionary
created to translate the patterns into the letter. An example of this
is the fact that the letter "e" starts with a dot and "t" starts with
a dash. From there, we see what the next pattern is- if its another
dot after the first dot, its an "i"; if its a dash after the first
dot, an "a"; if its a dash after the first dash, its a "m"; if its a
dot after the first dash, its a "n"; and so on. This
is a good way to memorize and translate the letters from morse to
alphabets as you use a table method of translation rather than
memorizing every pattern to its letter.
	   Not only is morse code a human made language, like
 computational languages are, its a language that also needed a dictionary
 for translation alongside its creation. Like coding languages, users
 of both languages may be confused and think its impossible to learn
 the language. But with the help of its "dictionary", learning the
 language will come with ease. 
