This chapter of the book, Code, speaks on the topic of numbers, how
the counting system came to be, and how it is still relevant to things
other than counting. Before the number system existed, humans were
counting on our hands. This is why the number 10, accounting for 10
toes and 10 fingers, is so important and widely used.

Before we had the counting system, we would count on fingers or by scratch marks. But when people
started to realize it was getting harder to keep count of things using
scratches, the roman numeral system was created. Although not commonly
used anymore, the roman numeral system was one of the earliest number
systems. Letters that're used in Roman  numerals include I, V, X, L,
C, D, and M; each representing a different numbers. I is one, V is
five, X is ten, L is fifty, C is a hundred, D is five hundred, and M
is a thousand.  Although an effective and effecient number system, it
had been outdated and replaced by a more useful number system.

The number system we use today is the hindu-Arabic number system, also
known as the indo-Arabic system. This system originates in India and
was brought to Europe by Arab mathematicians. One thing about this
number system that is different is the fact that the number zero is
more important than ten. The number zero can differentiate between 205
and 250, something the number ten can not do. The number zero can also
make a hundred into thousand and also a million with a simple addition
of more zeros to the end of the number.

Another thing that makes the indo-Arabic system different is that it
is positional, meaning a particular digit represents a
different quantity depending on where it is placed in the number. An
example of this is how 100 and 1,000 have the same two numbers, zero
and one, but we know 1,000 is greater than 100 because of the position
of the comma and the fact that there are 3 zeros rather than
2. Although this chapter has nothing to do with code, the explanation
and background history of numbers and the importance of certain
numbers definitely serves a purpose. Seeing how important the number
zero, one, and ten is shows why they are the two numbers that is used
in binary code.


